Create Python term entries for `.remove()` and `.rmdir()` (#646)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/file-methods/terms/remove/remove.md

---
Title: '.remove()'
Description: 'Allows the user to delete a file.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Files'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The Python `.remove()` file method allows the user to delete a file if it exists in the system or computer. This method is provided by the `os` module which must be imported beforehand.

## Syntax

```pseudo
os.remove("file_name.file_type")
```

Entire folders or directories can be removed using the [`.rmdir()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/file-methods/rmdir) method.

## Example

> Use `.remove()` to delete the **my_file.txt** file:

Reviewer: There should be some mention of file paths, and what context it is working in if a filename is specified without a specific location.

Author: @SSwiniarski I added another part to the syntax block. Do you think it would still be helpful/needed to add an example as well?

Author: I wish there was a general entry on paths 💭

Reviewer: @yangc95, I like what you did.

---
Title: '.remove()'

> Description: 'Allows the user to delete a file.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Allows the user to delete a file if it exists.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Files'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The Python `.remove()` file method allows the user to delete a file if it exists in the system or computer. This method is provided by the `os` module which must be imported beforehand.

> **Note** A `FileNotFoundError` is raised if the file is not found or isn't in the current directory.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: A `FileNotFoundError` is raised if the file is not found or isn't in the current directory.
```

Author: @KTom101 maybe we can have an entry that includes the `FileNotFoundError` 🤔 Do you think it would be a good idea to make an issue requesting this?

Reviewer 3: @yangc95 Yes that would be a good idea. There actually other Errors I wanted to include IsADirectory Error and the OSError which are errors you can get using these methods. but I felt it would be too long here.

> The Python `.remove()` file method allows the user to delete a file if it exists in the system or computer. This method is provided by the `os` module which must be imported beforehand. [`.unlink()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/file-methods/unlink) is an alternative to delete a file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.remove()` file method allows the user to delete a file if it exists in the system or computer. This method is provided by the `os` module which must be imported beforehand. [`.unlink()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/file-methods/unlink) is an alternative to delete a file.
```

Reviewer 2: > This method is provided by the `os` module which must be imported beforehand.

I'm wondering if this sentence should be moved somewhere in the Syntax section? 🤔

Author: Moving it in the next push!

## Syntax

```pseudo
os.remove("file_name.file_type")

os.remove("file_path")
```

> - A file string argument that is passed into `.remove()` will be successfully deleted if it exists in the current directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.remove()` works in the following ways:

- If the file exists in the current directory, a string argument for the file (written as `"file_name.file_type"`) can be used to successfully delete it.
```

> - A file's path can also be passed into `.remove()` if it's outside the current directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A `"file_path"` can also be passed if an existing file exists outside the current directory.
```

Entire folders or directories can be removed using the [`.rmdir()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/file-methods/rmdir) method.

## Example

> Use `.remove()` to delete the **my_file.txt** file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example below, the `.remove()` method is used to delete the **my_file.txt** file:
```

Reviewer 2: Let's strive for declarative ("This does this") instead of imperative ("Do this") wherever possible.

> ```python

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```py
```

If probably doesn't make a difference, but just to keep in line with [our content standards for regular snippets](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/content-standards.md#code-blocks), could we change all instances of \```python to \```py throughout these files?

Author: Not at all, I appreciate this! Thanks @Dusch4593

---
Title: '.remove()'
Description: 'Allows the user to delete a file if it exists.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Files'
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Strings'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The Python `.remove()` file method allows the user to delete a file if it exists in the system or computer. [`.unlink()`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/python/file-methods/unlink) is an alternative to delete a file.

**Note**: A `FileNotFoundError` is raised if the file is not found or isn't in the current directory.

## Syntax

This method is provided by the `os` module which must be imported beforehand.

```pseudo

> os.remove("file_name.file_type")

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import os

os.remove("file_name.file_type")
```

Given the sentence in line # 23 should we include `import os` as suggested above?

os.remove("file_path")
```

> The `.remove()` works in the following ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.remove()` method works in the following ways:
```
